for giving the sample express
thanks to the online hardware store
video circulation from er.ru hi guys not
guys caring for high tech
my greta crooked point ru my name is
pavel we already had the ascend g6 coves
issues in background 6 and motorola nexus 6
and this angelic white samsung galaxy s6
find out today you can on from heaven on
land down and its 1 six
become more hellish than these three with
their three sixes went
purchase is quite standard nothing
there are no interesting pictures
image box which does here
so here lay the gadget charger
Naturally in our configuration will be
ok plug but here this thing is very
cool or 2 amps at five
volts or 167 amps and 9 volts 80
percent in 50 minutes clip headphones
with interchangeable ambyushura sound quality
chickpeas and transported to the micro yusbi that in two
in words to tell what is samsung
galaxy s 6 this one and this glass pile
aluminum and a lot of noise around people
make it look all this combination
better than me the composition is very alyapisto
because time edging 2 edging 3
bezel 4 bezel sensor speaker
camera power button rear camera
flashes out the heart rate sensor
here is a micro usb connector
plastic stuff jack for three five
millimeters the device is all very
Ponapihano glass is convenient that prints
fingers are not visible at all pearl oysters this
slightly gives a thickness of only 68 millimeters
it's very very little all at 138 grams but
the camera naturally protrude but there is
such covers are now sold though
I don't really want to put it in the case
you all equal and there will be nothing at all
You can not see them even in the shed will not be
scary if you are more or less alive
the hand is even + glass because he is
so here it is held and slowly
slips off as well if you have already left our
an amateur only would you care to
for as long as red tried
mate it with your starring title
TV did not work here edge
just a little bit beveled here too
They are skewed in principle as on an iPhone
considering that there is a version of rs nobody and
will notice that is not here soon because your
they are beveled
obviously
five
10 idea that 10 of the 10 re 10 here
no really works very well
the system until the least criminal finds
meeting
the police every hundred or thousand he at least
will find some thin joke about
Petra Zenfone which has a 5 inch screen
Here you can see that the galaxy crane is more
and that the frame is thinner, and here these too
upper and lower ends less and price
three or four times more yes yes almost
forgot since I was talking about money
galaxy s6 is bought only
video circulation from er.ru because there are a bunch
programs will give you another good price
the graphics are good and well buy at all
only there and external day buys
in short only there only there only
video I decided to dot pru regarding he
very bright but there is a nuance and
Nexus 6 was also observed in 5 galaxy
it was also such that the viewing angle though
excellent great but right in 178
degrees you cannot reach as far as
it's an oleophobic coating but like gasoline
but since the sparkles will be though
touchwiz all scolded but it works
quite normal to yourself this is solitary
I like the curtain much more than
double on the second deputy background and generally on
all fifth android brightness is very wide
range you can select auto adjustment
and well, so here is really straight
not at all you power saving now
let's see how much more work three days
three of which three three days and three days three hours
generally quite logical such
black and white mode you all they learn and
since the time with 5 great implemented
backlight how here so here
a small halo around these buttons
Well, in short, not in Chinese at least done
multitasking you can close all at once
unlike head android media nuclear
processor exynos service 420 mosta or
accelerator mali t720 match 3 gigabyte
RAM in the second zenfone 4
so it's not so much the Bantu moscha
it all gives you dragging 2000 and trigger 2
goes about frames per second well on
though the eye is not the most accurate measurement
people were not able to do
so
but very very smooth angry birds go
did not start maybe because we
sample exclusively for some
European market probably year
simulator specifically for mali which
went done without any problems, no
moisture gta san andreas
the normal version is learn how to pile here
give permission
was obeyed here ended by permission
2,560 by 1440 this type is very cool new
. somehow not activated in places
can
slows down pleased how it works
voice recorder try start recording well
he writes i keep in like this if here
so turn it is not very well and here
so also not very seventy one hit
a minute is better than last year
showed galaxy s 120 beats per minute
access to the second menu
but this is animation she really is ten years old
gps is working
only three you do not think the card
inflicted is bad the main speaker here
so small one loud and this one
Ball themselves spoken speaker is quite
usual for 35 thousand rubles sound
Headphones can be better
buy the same sound for less
the amount of money that's the same to me loaned
10 approximately the same sound San Juan 2
better about the camera there will be something stupid
talk besides us
the greatest is very noticeable wide
the angle of coverage here is a little distorted
perspective 16 megapixels and 16
megapixels 16 to 9 4 to the streets of the streets
with stabilization of the flash drive without stabilization
get and 60 frames per second and points
slow motion I really like
play by slow motion so
all these three weeks you've probably seen from
previous reviews it was just on
galaxy s6 front shot on 5
megapixels can be made to
looked good go to look
bad for wrinkles or
you didn't have wrinkles then she too
widescreen so at an angle stretch
face output is all the world's smartphone in that
number and iphone and this is samsung galaxy s 6
and they themselves were carriages reviews. I have
name is paul sign up for us either
on top of top love bottom of bottom and wish you
all be the same as galaxy s6
powerful strong and take care of eggs
until